I want to say a few words to my mother
the board you chose for your
computer based change x boards
which is now before you in this case
This gigabyte accident 75 and that is it again
on 475
chipset up to 75 and socket lga 1155
pictures directly the board itself why
I chose her the power removed first
so that it is quite inexpensive
as such it is because it is
variants of the same board only on the chipset
intel and god of memory or 75 and
h77 z77
how do they differ specifically from this
fees why are they more expensive firstly
there is a connector in my opinion this is less
the song is called right here in those dear
boards have a wifi module connected and
bred still here to panel connectors
devi
one more panel to metal is on
which are mounted mounted two
connectors for external antennas in my case
wi-fi is not needed more precisely he is needed but
we have
no usb
forgot what it's called we have a hut
device which is included in yusb
wi-fi buffalo connector in my opinion it
small enough for a laptop
intended we use it now
for big computers on grade 3 on
work that is to network we
connect with wifi and speed
Enough for watching videos on youtube
and other things on the Internet
different main difference main
the difference is that on this
the board has only one connector for sata
sata 3 3 little black little white to sata 3
sata 3 before blueberry is sata 2
my case will be connected to sata3 ssd
drive in the rest of this case one
It will be used it will be the hard drive
the speed I think will be enough
basically a media repository therefore
special speed
and not necessary on the one hand on the other
hand enough
that is, the speed which is the first
the main difference is the more expensive
more precisely the second is already there is no wifi
the second difference from expensive boards and
actually there in my
any one features which acceleration
Of course it is possible on the chip for 77
but I don't need him here
Core i3 3520 3225 processor installed
in which there is an integrated video core
hd 4000 itself is powerful today
video core
that's why I chose him with a sight
use without a discrete video card
although on this board
some kind she was not small eat food
xps 16 which you can plug in
discrete graphics card of course not
monsters that are on today
a day but a map which can be improved
the speed of the video part of the computer but
In our case, this is most likely not
need and there are two slots for
RAM that we will have
two of the faster two are involved
4 gigabyte planks
I liked it a little surprised this
what is there 2
speed away completely out of my head like this
everything is called 2 2 2 network connectors
200 per card reader
4 usb connectors 9 2 hdmi connector what else
two visby three external and old
mouse connector in our
the case will be connected to the external
keyboard because we have a mouse
logitech wireless and ovsky
the keyboard is old we are connected here
so all will be involved
connectors
and about the power of the fans and
so love them in this case there are 2 4
pin connectors for power
fans one of them without looking back
which of nowhere is most likely this one with
right side is the power connector
CPU fan for cooling
CPU cooler cooler
processor and this is an additional
fan
I still do not know whether to install in
this little body which I
I'll tell you in another video
additional fan because there
there is little space, but if it succeeds
will be further cooling what
all the same all will firmly stand their
tight and it will be necessary to Greece
opportunities to provide good
cooling
Well, in a nutshell, so far all